Perfect!
[Laughs evilly]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
MAN: What was that?
Some kind of rocket, maybe?
What's the word?
An unknown object was spotted
about five minutes ago.
I'm afraid
that's all we know, sir.
That Dr. Eggman
is up to something.
I only wish I knew what it was.
Has it been identified?
I'm afraid not, sir.
Hmm.
Well, now,
time to have a little fun.
Super Sweeper!
[Alarm sounds]
What's going on?
Communication is cut off!
Sir, the satellite.
It's...
Gone?
Yes, sir.
This can't be happening!
It's impossible!
Just look at all
my shiny new toys.
Ah, well.
Too bad I have to grind them all
into robot parts.
Who knew recycling could be so
much fun and cost effective?
It's getting closer!
We've got to alert
the president!
You know what I like to do best,
boys and girls?
I like to dance!
Dancing is lots of fun,
and it's good exercise, too!
Hey, I've got an idea!
Why don't you dance with me?
That's it!
Looking good!
Hi.
Snack time, everyone.
Here we go.
AMY: Ella showed me
how to make homemade apple pie.
I think our little Amy
has quite a knack for baking.
I just might
be out of a job soon.
Hey, Ella, maybe Sonic
would like some pie.
He can have the other one.
No, you don't.
That pie is for Sonic.
No, me!
Tails, you broke our TV.
I'm sorry.
And that was
our favorite program.
Don't worry, Cream.
Maybe this will help.
Okay.
Guess that didn't work.
[Crying]
Now we can't watch our program!
Hmm?
Hey, what's going on?
Hi, Sonic.
Cream and Cheese are upset
'cause the TV is busted.
That's what
they're crying about?
Uh-huh.
What do we do?
Now I can't watch
my cooking show.
Or Mrs. Thorndyke
in the Movie of the Week.
Or the martial arts matinee.
Sorry, Mr. Tanaka.
[Laughing]
That was a disappointing welcome
if you don't mind me saying so.
Got a brand-new message
for Sonic
from Dr. Eggman,
so listen up good.
Greetings, my little warthog!
Sorry it's been so long
since my last message,
but I've been
such a busy little bee!
Take a look!
That thing
is swallowing up satellites!
And it's ruined
our television reception.
Don't get any ideas, Sonic.
After all,
I'm only having a little fun.
So stay out of it
if you know what's good for you.
As we speak, my E-90 is floating
about the stratosphere,
collecting all manner
of space junk
so that I can make more and more
of my ever-so-helpful
mechanical friends.
Well?
What do you say to that?
[Laughs evilly]
Pretty soon you might be
obsolete, Bokkun.
[Wails]
What's E-90?
I don't know, Chris.
But I'll bet
it's one of Dr. Eggman's robots.
I wonder what a stratosphere is.
A layer of air miles above us.
It's as high as the sky!
We can do without you, crybaby.
No!
Put me down!
[Explosion]
BOKKUN:
Gotcha! [Laughs]
Looks like that robot
is da bomb!
CHUCK: Very funny.
But this is serious, Chris.
Eggman is causing havoc
miles above anyone's reach.
I bet the Tornado
can get up there.
Hmm.
Come on, Tails.
Why not?
I'm game.
- Let's go.
- Okay, I'm coming.
We can do it!
You bet!
Good luck, you guys.
We'll be waiting.
Huh?
E-90, zap those meddlers!
Move in close!
We move too fast for it.
I think that was too close.
Don't worry.
I think I've got an idea.
[Moans]
Here goes!
Stay with it!
Just hold on tight!
- Aah!
Time for some fireworks.
You think you're so smart,
don't you?
Super Sweeper!
It's sucking us in!
[Grunting]
It's coming up behind us!
I know a way to shake it.
I can't believe it!
It's swallowing up
all the clouds!
Oh, no!
- Whoa!
Hmm.
It appears our foe is
more powerful than we thought.
SONIC:
Hey, Tails.
Huh?
Problem is
the Tornado is too slow,
so what you ought to do is
soup this birdy up a little bit.
- Oh.
I could try.
Really, Tails?
Maybe I could use
the Chaos Emerald.
But there could be a problem.
- Huh?
It's all that energy.
The Chaos Emerald's
got huge amounts of energy.
It would only take a tiny bit
to run the Tornado,
so all that extra energy
wouldn't have anywhere to go,
and that could be
a real big problem.
What do you think, Grandpa?
We need to find a way to burn
off the Emerald's excess energy.
I wouldn't want
to just waste it.
Do you have any better ideas?
Well, we could install
a backup engine.
That way, with two engines
instead of one,
the energy
would have another outlet.
Do you really think two engines
could contain all that power?
If we want to beat Dr. Eggman,
it's sure worth giving it a try.
In order to install that backup,
we'd have to rebuild the plane.
Are you sure you have
the know-how to do that, Tails?
Well, I've never
done anything like this before,
but I'll give it a shot.
You can do it, Tails.
I know it.
Come with me, Tails.
I've got something
that might interest you.
In fact, I'm certain it will.
What's this?
It's my secret laboratory.
It's amazing!
I think you'll find
everything we need.
Sure!
Now let's rebuild the Tornado.
Yeah!
We'll connect it here.
You mean like this?
You've been working
all day, Tails.
Why don't you take a break?
It's okay.
I'm almost done.
Hmm.
All right.
Want some help?
Good morning!
It's time for the one and only
Dr. Eggman Show!
This program is coming to you
live via satellite
from a beautiful island
in the Southern Sea.
He's scary.
Today's show is brought to you
by the amazing Super Sweeper.
For a cleaner,
safer stratosphere.
Cue.
Who's the most brilliant
scientist in all the universe?
[Laughs]
Why, it's Dr. Eggman!
Sir, the object appears
to have been launched.
Then I'm afraid
we have no choice
but to launch a counterattack.
Yes, sir.
TAILS:
Sonic!
Did you finish?
Yep, we sure did.
Come on.
I'll show you.
[Both gasp]
TAILS:
Presenting Tornado X!
Target lock on, sir.
Fire laser!
What is happening?
EGGMAN: A feeble attempt,
at best, my friends.
Come on, Super Sweeper!
Do your stuff!
Let's shove off, Tails.
Hey, Sonic, I was hoping
I could go, too.
Chris, you can't come with us.
You know the plane
is only a two-seater.
I thought...
Guess I forgot to tell you.
I made a couple of more changes.
I asked Tails if he could
put in an extra seat.
I hope you don't mind, Sonic.
Well, Sonic?
Just so long as you don't
get in the way, okay?
You got a deal.
Tornado X, ready for takeoff.
Let's clear the runway.
I can't wait!
I'm so excited, I could fly!
Tornado X, blast off!
Here we go!
Okay, get ready.
We're about to enter
X hyperspeed mode.
Sorry to disturb you,
Dr. Eggman,
but something is headed straight
for E-90, and it sure is fast.
But not fast enough.
I'll teach them
to sneak up on me.
Let's do it!
TAILS: Don't worry, Sonic!
I've got your back!
Thanks, Tails.
Sonic!
I'll put an end
to that hyperactive hedgehog!
I can't get any closer!
Whoa!
Isn't Sonic the bravest?
Now try and top that.
Here we go.
Booster switch on!
TAILS:
Sonic, watch out!
All right!
You want to fight dirty?
Just try to get away!
Sonic looks like he's shivering.
That's 'cause we're close
to the stratosphere.
It's 50 below up here,
but Sonic can take it.
Huh?
What's going on?
Everything is A-okay!
A-okay.
Huh?
Tails, Sonic is frozen solid.
Hey!
The ring!
No good.
I can't open the cockpit.
But we've got to think
of something!
CHUCK:
We need to find a way
to burn off
the Emerald's excess energy.
That's it!
I've got an idea.
Listen carefully, Chris.
Take the ring and connect it
to the yellow cable
underneath the seat.
What's that going to do?
There's no time for questions!
Okay.
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
Ugh!
Aah!
Watch out, Eggman.
I'm all warmed up.
Let's go get them, guys.
Yeah!
- All right!
- Yeah!
Guess I need to call
the cable guy.
[Laughter]
Sonic, I made
my caliente chili for you.
This will make your tummy
nice and warm.
You sure taught Eggman
a lesson, Sonic.
It wasn't me, Chuck.
I just helped out this time.
Chris and Tails
are the ones that did it.
They're the real heroes.
- Yeah!
AMY:
Let's celebrate.
I made this ice cream myself
for the coolest guy around.
Uh...
Wow! Cool!